# China is to double investment for resettlement of residents of the Three Gorges 

China is to double investment for resettlement of residents of the Three Gorges dam area in 1995, while issuing bonds to cover a capital shortfall for the massive project this year, an official said Friday. Gunfire sounded throughout the central Niger town of Agadez on Sunday, residents said. It was unclear who was behind the shooting, which continued for about two hours. Eight Pacific island nations that control an area where more a quarter of the world's tuna is caught are meeting this week with the aim of tightening conservation measures. Tavis Smiley has a considerable talent for summing up the issues of the day, and recently _ during a brief hole in his schedule at 6:30 a.m. _ he did not disappoint. The parents of Terri Schiavo, a brain-damaged Florida woman who has been in a persistent vegetative state for the past 15 years, appealed late Wednesday to the US Supreme Court, seeking an order to resume their daughter's feeding through a tube, a court official said. Cheese makers claim that the current formula, changed four years ago when dairies were struggling with low milk prices, could drive smaller plants out of business because it raises the cost of making cheese in a competitive market where it is hard to recoup the added expense. Buoyed by a better than expected harvest, state agriculture officials have released a more optimistic forecast for this year's wheat crop: 327.6 million bushels. Brazil's Veteran striker Romario, who has scored seven goals in last two internationals, was forced to withdraw from their team on Monday after being injured in training in Sao Paulo.
