# Croatia has reversed its rejection of UN peacekeepers and will let a scaled-down

Croatia has reversed its rejection of UN peacekeepers and will let a scaled-down force stay if the troops monitor Croatian borders in rebel-held regions, Croatian President Franjo Tudjman said here Sunday. China criticized a climate change pact reached at last week's G-8 summit, saying Thursday that it was a good start but that more specific details are needed on how developed countries will contribute. US President Barack Obama huddled with his Afghan war cabinet on Friday, for the first full meeting since his administration publicly sparred with Afghan President Hamid Karzai. The list of popularly accepted ``dangerous sports'' most often begins with football, boxing and auto racing. But in fatal injuries to young athletes, pole vaulting ranks close to the worst. Indonesia is to hike tobacco tax due to health concerns and a need for more income, a report said Monday, a week after US firm Philip Morris made a five billion-dollar bid to enter the lucrative market. Veteran Chicago rapper Common must be feeling special: He has the first No. 1 album of his career with ``Finding Forever,'' which sold 155,000 copies in its first week in stores, according to Nielsen SoundScan. Mark Mulder pitched seven perfect innings before Danny Bautista led off the eighth with Arizona's lone hit as the Oakland Athletics beat the Diamondbacks 3-0 Friday night. Five people died instantly and seven others were critically injured when two vehicles collided in eastern Uganda, Uganda's New Vision newspaper reported on Saturday.
