# Diego Maradona, already serving a 15-month playing ban after failing a drugs tes

Diego Maradona, already serving a 15-month playing ban after failing a drugs test at the World Cup, was suspended from his coaching job with Racing Club by Argentina's football federation. A steely and daring young matador who mysteriously walked away at the peak of his career in 2002 made a triumphant return on Sunday, enduring a terrifying near-goring to win standing ovations, a rain of flowers and three trophies -- ears from bulls he had just slain. From flashy Hummer-like armoured utility vehicles, to sports cars and fully- equipped mobile offices, Russian-made cars motored to the front of the luxury automobile scene at this year's Top Marques Monaco exclusive car show. Lynch is a wine importer and retailer with a predilection for obscure French wines and a talent for persuading customers that Corsican wine is what their life is missing. The quirky mailers he writes for Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant, his Berkeley store, have a near-cult following. And his unconventional Protestors in Kyrgyzstan's capital threw rocks at riot police and soldiers guarding the seat of government during the opposition's first massive demonstration in Bishkek over a disputed poll. Danish police arrested eight suspected Islamic militants here Tuesday, charging two with planning a terrorist attack and attempted murder in what was described as a serious plot with direct ties to al-Qaida. Puerto Rico-born Benicio Del Toro says that although Hispanics have made gains in Hollywood, more work is needed to increase the presence of people with Latin American roots. Following are the latest facts and figures about China's major export commodities to Spain in the first nine months of 2000, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
