# Fellow villains and detectives alike expressed regret at the death Friday of Eas

Fellow villains and detectives alike expressed regret at the death Friday of East End gangster Ronnie Kray, 61 -- half of one of Britain's most notorious criminal partnerships. Dumped at this frontier outpost alongside hundreds of weary Afghan laborers, Khalil Jalil stepped out of Iran and back into Afghanistan only days after he said Iranian authorities beat him, threw him in the trunk of a car and locked him in a detention center. Agnelli family heir John Elkann said Tuesday he was "very proud and happy" to be taking up the chairman's post at Italian auto giant Fiat. In a decision likely to renew debate over the issue of executing prisoners who commit murder before the age of 18, the highest criminal court in Texas cleared the way Wednesday for a death row inmate, Napoleon Beazley, to be executed, possibly as soon as next month. Mohammed Asef takes his small daughter by the hand and walks out of Langar Khana, a small village in northern Afghanistan, through a labyrinth of mudbrick houses where small tractors from another age limp along with sorrow. On trips to Capitol Hill these days, Michael Gallagher usually has a black Nintendo DS stashed in his suit pocket. Consumers spooked by stock market volatility and company layoffs curtailed their spending once again in June, leaving the nation's largest retailers with disappointing sales. The Hang Seng Index shed 50.12 points, or 0.33 percent, to close at 15,127.4, with a thin turnover of 8.512 billion HK dollars (1.091 billion U.S. dollars).
