# A Hindu militant party which stormed to power in Bombay last week wants the bust

A Hindu militant party which stormed to power in Bombay last week wants the bustling Indian commercial capital renamed Mumbai as it was once known, a party official said Tuesday. The co-CEO of Airbus parent EADS sounded an optimistic note Tuesday on the company's restructuring efforts and said that business in the United States also is developing favorably. Malaysia's auto sales surged 25 percent year-on-year in March, an industry group said Wednesday, as consumer confidence rose in Southeast Asia's biggest passenger car market. Attorneys arguing before the U.S. Supreme Court disagreed Monday whether the outcome of an Arizona case could overturn nearly 800 death sentences in nine states. The Dale Romans-trained Roses in May became America's fifth winner in the 10 runnings of the world's richest race the 6million dollar Dubai World Cup here on Saturday. There is a new wrinkle in the long-simmering debate about the influence of television on the development of attention problems in children. A long-term study of 1,037 children published in the current issue of Pediatrics found that those who watched more television when they were 5 and 7 were Indian and Pakistani forces exchanged fire across the Kashmir cease-fire line for the first time this year Saturday, and as many as 12 people were killed in separate clashes, as the two countries began a summit to discuss the disputed area. At least two people were killed and 12 others, including children, were injured, when a bomb having been planted in an Israeli school bus went off in Gaza Strip Monday morning, Israeli Radio reported.
