# IAEA governors met here Monday to discuss how to improve detection of clandestin

IAEA governors met here Monday to discuss how to improve detection of clandestine atomic weapons production, following disputes over checks in Iraq and doubts on North Korea's nuclear programme, IAEA sources said. Twenty percent of East Timor's people need food aid after severe droughts and locust plagues battered crops in the troubled young nation, two U.N. food agencies said Friday. The daughter of a senior Hamas leader allowed by Israel to leave Gaza for medical treatment in Jordan is recovering in an Amman hospital, a Jordanian medical official said on Sunday. What grass remains of the fiercest tornado ever to strike Maryland is dappled with shards of glass and shredded asphalt shingles. Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh will pay a three-day visit next week to the United States aimed at further strengthening India-US ties, the foreign office said Friday. In a highly anticipated appearance, Thompson shared a Dearborn, Mich., stage with eight other candidates seeking the Republican presidential nomination, giving a national audience its first opportunity to directly compare the 65-year-old former actor against other contenders for the White House. Lance Armstrong hunched over the handlebars, lowered his head and gritted his teeth as he powered up the steep mountain climb from Grenoble to Chamrousse. Gore's lawyers, whose request to count disputed ballots immediately was turned down on Tuesday by a Leon County Circuit Court judge, appealed to the First District Court of Appeals on Wednesday.
