# Iran Friday opened a major rail link between the Gulf port of Bandar Abbas and t

Iran Friday opened a major rail link between the Gulf port of Bandar Abbas and the north of the country at a ceremony attended by leaders of neighbouring states in Central Asia. A shadowy group holding a British correspondent for three months threatened on Sunday to kill him, in a video broadcast by the Al-Jazeera satellite TV channel. Croatia overnight Monday reopened its airspace and the latest of its airports that were closed due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland which has disrupted air traffic in much of Europe. Better yet, construction of the state-of-the-art facility at the interchange of Interstate 70 and 110th Street in Kansas City, Kan., won't cost the state a dime. A Taliban militant has been killed in a firefight with US-led coalition forces in southeast Afghanistan that also left two children and a woman dead, the US military said Thursday. However, the president offered no timetable on a withdrawal and did not suggest how many troops might be involved. And he insisted that decisions on force levels should not be driven by "a nervous reaction by Washington politicians or poll results." An Oklahoma appellate court ruled Wednesday that trying Terry Nichols on state murder charges for the Oklahoma City bombing does not violate his right against being tried twice for the same offense. The Shenzhen Composite Index closed at 640.25 points Tuesday, up 0.59 percent compared with the last close. The sub-index closed at 4,927.29 points, up 0.28 percent from the last close.
