# Ireland won their Rugby League international debut here Friday, edging fellow ne

Ireland won their Rugby League international debut here Friday, edging fellow neophytes from the United States 24-22 in a game both hope will be landmark for their sport. North Korea plans to shut down its Yongbyon nuclear reactor in the second half of July, the Interfax-China news agency reported, citing an unnamed North Korean official in Beijing. European aerospace giant EADS announced on Tuesday it will bid on a 35-billion- dollar contract to supply the US Air Force with new aerial refueling tankers, pitting the company against archrival Boeing. JP Morgan Chase reported an 18 percent drop in first-quarter earnings Wednesday, but they beat Wall Street expectations and offered investors some optimism for the first time after several quarters of weak results. A botched bid Sunday by a few teenagers to burn a Turkish flag during a Kurdish celebration has led to a patriotic backlash with unprecedented public displays of the national symbol. National: THOMPSON-EARLYYEARS -- LAWRENCEBURG, Tenn. -- W ith a kickoff tour through early-voting Iowa on Thursday, Fred Thompson formally offers himself as a candidate for president, the highest ambition in American politics, but the one-time senator from Tennessee did not grow up with such ambition -- he married into Given a lift by the first GOP president in eight years, the Republican National Committee raised a record $48.6 million in the first half of the year. The Chinese government is fully aware of the harm caused by fake and shoddy products and will take concrete measures to eliminate such products, a senior anti-fake product official said Wednesday.
