# Jacques Medecin, former mayor of Nice and once the uncrowned king of the French 

Jacques Medecin, former mayor of Nice and once the uncrowned king of the French Riviera, goes on trial Wednesday for the first time over allegations of multi-million dollar corruption which forced him to flee to South America. Sven-Goran Eriksson is being urged to make a quick decision on whether he wants to become Manchester City's manager under proposed new owner Thaksin Shinawatra. Three other coaches are being considered for the job. The Wall Street Journal unveiled a New York edition of the newspaper on Monday as it seeks to battle The New York Times for readers and advertising dollars on its home turf. Contaminated burritos, strawberries, spaghetti and other foods on school lunch trays are posing an increasing health risk to students, a congressional investigator told a joint House-Senate panel Tuesday. Worries over public safety topped economic concerns for the first time in seven years, a government survey released Saturday said. The Turkish government warned Thursday that a congressional committee vote labeling the mass killings of Armenians during the Ottoman Empire as genocide will "endanger relations" with the United States. Cuba's National Museum of Fine Arts reopened Wednesday after a rehabilitation of the three-building complex, which houses nearly 50,000 works dating back to the island's Spanish colonization. Colombian President Andres Pastrana and his Venezuelan counterpart, Hugo Chavez, will meet in Mexico City next Friday in an effort to mend fences between the two Andean neighbors.
