# Malaysian police will classify the dumping of toxic and chemical waste as mansla

Malaysian police will classify the dumping of toxic and chemical waste as manslaughter, news reports said Thursday amid mounting public concern after two alarming cases of dumping. U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Sunday welcomed what she characterized as new energy and cooperation from France to end the violence in Sudan's Darfur region. She warned Sudan's government not to put fresh conditions on peacemaking efforts. Spain's jobless rate topped 20 percent in the first quarter, its highest level since 1997, a report said Tuesday, citing figures accidentally released by statistics institute INE ahead of schedule. When Larry Zicklin, the president of the UJA-Federation of New York, a Jewish charity, thought in early March that he might organize a package tour to Israel, few people seemed interested. But after the Passover killings on March 27, and with reports of a rising wave of anti-Semitism in Top US military commanders believe that security improvements in Iraq can lead to significant US troop reductions by early 2006, the New York Times reported Monday. And with all that fat, ripe stuff to assault, the best they can do to "Rocky" in this "Scary Movie"-esque pastiche of sight gags is have a geriatric Balboa clone literally knocked into dust with one punch? The false teeth falling in the cup doesn't make it any better. Tiger Woods inched toward the lead with back-to-back birdies on par-5s Friday at the British Open, where crowds cheered wildly for every shot struck by Colin Montgomerie. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,820.59 points Tuesday, down 34.63 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
