# Russia and Ukraine signed two agreements here Monday to reschedule repayment of 

Russia and Ukraine signed two agreements here Monday to reschedule repayment of Ukrainian debts to Moscow totalling 4.2 billion dollars. The worst summer drought in 30 years in northeast China's Liaoning province has left more than 1.2 million people short of drinking water, state media reported Tuesday. Air traffic in Europe disrupted by the volcano eruption in Iceland is expected to return almost to normal on Thursday, the body coordinating air traffic control across the continent said. A moderately powerful earthquake rumbled up the Eastern Seaboard on Saturday, causing no injuries but damaging roads and breaking windows in upstate New York while shaking people out of sleep from Maine to Maryland. The United States announced a controversial sale of F-16 Fighting Falcon jets to Pakistan just as the US Air Force took delivery of the last of its versions of the veteran fighter. Lately, though, he's moved away from the altered body to focus on larger organisms. Now, instead of frail and pliant human bodies, it's innocent small towns and Western cities populated by ordinary, orderly people that play host to virulent foreign parasites, and the failed experiments are social. At least three for-profit companies are racing to develop large amounts of embryonic stem cells even as President Bush struggles to decide whether the government should hinder such research. Mongolia will carry out economic restructuring so as to increase its gross domestic product by 4 percent next year, Prime Minister Nambaryn Enkhbayar said Friday.
