# US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Sunday won support from the Gulf mon

US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Sunday won support from the Gulf monarchies for maintaining sanctions against Iraq but also pressed them to end an embargo on Israel. Hundreds of Shiite Muslims protested across Indian-held Kashmir on Thursday against the destruction of two minarets at a revered Shiite shrine in Iraq, in a bombing blamed on al-Qaida insurgents. US conglomerate General Electric delivered an upbeat outlook on "earnings power" Friday as it reported a fall in first-quarter profit that was better than the market expected. Any citizen with a Web browser and five minutes could find out that Jane Fonda gave nearly $40,000 to Democratic Party and abortion-rights causes over the last three years. But that search of Federal Election Commission records would miss the lion's share of the famous actress's political generosity, more Rescuers searched Monday for survivors of a powerful earthquake in southern Japan that killed one woman, injured hundreds and caused several thousand people to flee their homes. If your doctor prescribed four simple pills that could reduce your risk of cardiovascular disease, you would probably take them eagerly. An 8-year-old boy was in critical condition Friday after his arm was torn off by a bull shark, officials said. A team of experts organized by the U.N. Environment Program is expected to arrive in Kosovo on November 6 to assess the impact of ordnance containing depleted uranium (DU) used during last year's Balkans conflict.
