# Share prices opened strongly higher on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Monday, with 

Share prices opened strongly higher on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Monday, with the Nikkei Stock Average rising 216.31 points, or 1.4 percent, to 15,966.08 in the first 15 minutes of trading. From the crack of dawn until late at night, stem cell researcher Hwang Woo-suk is at work in the lab, hoping to restore his credibility after a scandal that shocked the world. Mikel Arteta converted an injury-time penalty to give Everton a come from behind 2-1 win over Fulham at Goodison Park on Sunday to keep their slim hopes of Europa League football next season alive. ATLANTA - The series of books that make up Jean M. Auel's ``Earth's Children'' saga are nothing if not ambitious. From 1980's ``The Clan of the Cave Bear'' to the long-awaited ``The Shelters of Stone,'' Auel means to tell the story of the emergence of Cro-Magnon man and the Star investor Warren Buffett will appear before regulators on Monday as part of a probe into accounting of non-traditional products in insurance, his holding company Berkshire Hathaway said Friday. But even though network executives promise there will be a satisfying conclusion to the Patty Hewes -Arthur Frobisher showdown by the end of the season, they can't yet say as much about the fate of the series. Thousands of NATO troops launched a routine training exercise Wednesday in eastern Bosnia, where the U.N. war crimes tribunal's two most-wanted suspects are believed to be hiding. Tanzanian Prime Minister Frederick Sumaye has called on the country's public workers to stand at the forefront in the fight against corruption, the official Daily News reported on Wednesday.
