# Singapore CableVision (SCV) Pte

Singapore CableVision (SCV) Pte. Ltd. signed up ESPN, the world's largest cable sports network, on Thursday in another step towards bringing cable TV to households in the city-state by mid-June. Thousands of people flocked to a mock English flea market in Spain's capital on Sunday, using British currency to buy bric-a-brac and browsing antiques stalls for bargains. The Philippines saw its budget deficit rise by 12.1 percent in the first quarter of 2010, due to the need to spend on projects before national elections in May, the finance department said Tuesday. The prospect of outside intervention, anathema to most Israelis, is a saving grace to Palestinians. On May 2 Yasser Arafat was released from his imprisonment in Ramallah, courtesy of a model he wants applied throughout the occupied territories: the insertion of foreign security men. Any international force would have Lebanon's prime minister-designate Omar Karameh struggled Monday to form a new government amid squabbling over cabinet posts and a law to set the framework for legislative elections due next month. The package, sponsored by members including Rep. Barney Frank, D-Mass., chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services, would make clear that the rules applied to all key participants in making loans -- notably brokers and independent lenders who generally have been overlooked by regulators. Secretary of State Colin Powell said Friday he will feel a flood of emotions when he returns to Vietnam decades after serving two tours there as an army officer during the Vietnam War. Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) staff around the country Tuesday walked off the job in protest over management's decision to axe core programs and sack a high-profile staff member.
