# Sixteen people suspected of being behind a recent wave of Mafia killings in Sici

Sixteen people suspected of being behind a recent wave of Mafia killings in Sicily were arrested Friday in a widespread police operation, authorities announced. President Nicolas Sarkozy's conservative party won a comfortable but smaller than expected majority in France's parliamentary elections Sunday, with it and its allies getting at least 330 of the 577 National Assembly seats. Jameer Nelson scored 32 points and the Orlando Magic almost gave up a 22-point lead before beating the Charlotte Bobcats 98-89 in the opening game of their NBA playoff series Sunday. The House voted Wednesday to make it a federal crime for an adult other than a parent to accompany a pregnant minor across state lines for an abortion. Protestors in Kyrgyzstan's capital threw rocks at riot police and soldiers guarding the seat of government during the opposition's first massive demonstration in Bishkek over a disputed poll. Iran has blocked a request from the United States to allow Swiss diplomats to go to Kish Island to look for the luggage or other traces of missing former FBI agent Robert Levinson, according to U.S. officials and the Levinson family. When President Clinton repeatedly suspended part of a law aimed at pressuring Fidel Castro, Cuban-American leaders were outraged. ``Backbone of Jell-O,'' fumed a Cuban-born Republican lawmaker. Following are the latest facts and figures on China's major export commodities to Argentina from January to September of this year, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
