# Some 26 people died and 20 others were seriously injured after a passenger bus c

Some 26 people died and 20 others were seriously injured after a passenger bus collided with a truck and plunged into a ravine in southern China, a report said Tuesday. Ruth Graham, who surrendered dreams of missionary work in Tibet to marry a suitor who became the world's most renowned evangelist, had died in North Carolina. She was 87. Britain has extended a ban on most flights in its airspace until at least 7:00 am (0600 GMT) on Sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, air authorities announced. A persistent Da Newz reader by the name of Everett Fowler has given me a short list of Christian hip-hop artists who either have albums out now or will have in the next few weeks: China's booming economic miracle is expanding at a highly unsustainable rate, creating tremendous pressures on resources while bankrupting the environment, a leading environmentalist warned Tuesday. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with CollegeHumor.com editor Streeter Seidell, who took questions about what to expect when embarking to campus for the first time this fall. Rescuers pulled people from roofs and rushing water as flash floods struck southern and central West Virginia communities still trying to recover from an earlier round of high water. Chilean telecommunication company Smartcom PCS launched the first Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) mobile phone service in Chile last week, the local economic newspaper El Diario said on Monday.
