# South Korea's ruling and opposition parties ended a bitter parliamentary dispute

South Korea's ruling and opposition parties ended a bitter parliamentary dispute on Tuesday over a controversial election law, party officials said. The judge in Phil Spector's murder trial threatened to jail a former attorney for the record producer if she refuses to testify about possible evidence that was never given to prosecutors. Part of northern Spain's airspace was closed Saturday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland but flights were being re-routed further south and are not affected, aviation authority AENA said. Xerox Corp. reached a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission Thursday after the agency filed a lawsuit against the company in federal court in Manhattan, accusing it of fraudulently using its accounting to ``burnish and distort'' its financial results for four years. At least ten people were killed and a dozen injured after a disturbed student shot and killed his grandparents and then went on a shooting rampage in a Minnesota high school before committing suicide, according to local media Monday. Jolee Mohr died in July at age 36 after receiving experimental treatment for arthritis. ``It was supposed to be just a simple thing,'' said her husband, Robb, but something went horribly wrong. BOSTON RED SOX_Placed LHP Pete Schourek on the 15-day disabled list. Purchased the contract of RHP Carlos Castillo from Pawtucket of the International League. Designated RHP Jin Ho Cho for assignment. AUC pledged to free five other members of parliament on Monday to put a two-week long hostage ordeal to an end.
