# Sweden and Germany signed a new air and sea rescue agreement here Monday aimed a

Sweden and Germany signed a new air and sea rescue agreement here Monday aimed at rendering rescue operations around the Baltic sea more efficient, the Swedish Transport Ministry said. From famine to feast: Portugal's capital is finally getting the modern art museum of international stature it has long craved. Leading final-round scores from the Ballantine's Championship in Jeju, South Korea, on Sunday. Tournament reduced to 54 holes due to poor weather. The tale of a group of New Jersey nursing home workers locked in a tangle of greed and betrayal over a $58.9 million share in a multistate lottery jackpot ended Monday with a wheeze. State lottery officials said the mysterious winner was neither the pool of night-shift workers who Premier League referee Mike Dean was suspended Friday for the rest of the season for "breaching the terms of his contract" because of his involvement in an online race horse syndicate. Sutherland, who plays counter-terrorism agent Jack Bauer on the Fox TV show "24," was scheduled for sentencing Dec. 21 in Los Angeles County Superior Court. Striking government workers and cash-strapped retirees marched by the thousands Wednesday to the seat of national power, a day after their president locked up political support for an unpopular mix of state wage and pension cuts. The Mongolian Constitutional Court ruled Wednesday that Constitutional amendments adopted by the State Great Hural (parliament) of Mongolia on December 24, 1999 are null and void.
