# A total of 200 Kurdish rebels have been killed since Turkey began its massive mi

A total of 200 Kurdish rebels have been killed since Turkey began its massive military sweep in northern Iraq, Defense Minister Mehmet Golhan said Tuesday. Construction of new homes in the United States fell in May as the homebuilders were battered by the crisis in subprime lending and rising mortgage rates. Stepped up naval patrols in the Gulf of Aden have contributed to a worldwide decline in pirate attacks, although the risk of piracy off Somalia remained high, a maritime watchdog said Wednesday. Researchers seeking to determine why breast cancer is diagnosed later in blacks than in whites suggest that the disparity is a result of class, not race. Australia is assured of the gold medal in the women's individual pursuit here at the world track cycling championships after Katie Mactier and Katherine Bates qualified for the final. Junot Diaz's "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" seems poised to be the hottest debut novel of the year. Arriving after 11 years of expectation following Diaz's celebrated story collection "Drown," the novel's narrative voice evokes both the polyglot energy of Salman Rushdie's "Midnight's Children" and the sexual China convicted an American business professor Saturday of spying for Taiwan and then ordered him deported, apparently trying to remove an irritant in relations with Washington. Afghanistan's Taliban militia burned more than 10 tons of hashish and other narcotics in Spin Boldak district in the presence of a large number of people, The News newspaper reported on Monday.
