# Turkey said Thursday it was prepared to withdraw most of its forces battling Tur

Turkey said Thursday it was prepared to withdraw most of its forces battling Turkish Kurd separatists in northern Iraq soon under certain conditions. Not one to doubt herself, or pay any heed to those who do, Serena Williams likes her chances as she returns to the All England Club. The Indian Premier League has a long and profitable future ahead of it but the suspension of tournament chief Lalit Modi must lead to reform, experts say. When Larry Zicklin, the president of the UJA-Federation of New York, a Jewish charity, thought in early March that he might organize a package tour to Israel, few people seemed interested. But after the Passover killings on March 27, and with reports of a rising wave of anti-Semitism in Up to 80 police and other officials were injured when thousands of farmers rioted in eastern China after an elderly protestor was allegedly run over and killed by a police car, witnesses said Monday. The new car will be launched with a 265-horsepower V-6 engine with direct fuel injection (into the cylinders) and fuel economy that Audi says is improved by 13 percent. It's to be paired with six-speed manual or automatic transmissions. Styling is intended to be sportier, with a shorter front Protesters hurled firebombs and stones at riot police Friday in hours of violent clashes designed to disrupt a summit of world leaders. Police wielded clubs and fired water cannons and tear gas to drive back the demonstrators. Microsoft plans to donate 100 million dollars to help create and run computer centers in Boys and Girls Clubs throughout the nation, Bill Gates announced Monday.
