# The United States has no plans to provide aid for China's controversial Three Go

The United States has no plans to provide aid for China's controversial Three Gorges Dam, but US firms are free to compete for contracts on the project, Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary said Thursday. U.S. Treasury bonds broke their recent winning streak Wednesday as a large amount of corporate bonds hit the market, pushing the prices of the government securities lower. Around 1,000 people rallied late Friday in the Greek capital Athens and second city Thessaloniki against the government's appeal to the EU and IMF for aid to end its debt crisis. For a long time, the greatest loss to pianists was the music of J.S. Bach. A few carried on undaunted, but since his keyboard music was mostly for harpsichord, his oeuvre became an oddity at piano events. Britain's Glastonbury rock music festival is famous for its eccentricities, and will this year unveil yet another cultural innovation -- the silent disco. The New Jersey-based company, which once rocked the real estate industry by selling homes for as little as 2 percent commission -- compared with commissions of up to 6 percent at other brokers -- said in an announcement that it is "releasing" 350 of its 380 employees "and may The wife and family of a slain local politician led 50,000 people through Pamplona Monday night to condemn the Basque separatists blamed for the killing. More than 1 million Angolan children are currently out of the educational system countrywide, accounting for 36 percent of the school-age children in Angola, the official news agency Angop reported Friday.
