# One year after media tycoon Silvio Berlusconi, a political novice, won Italy's g

One year after media tycoon Silvio Berlusconi, a political novice, won Italy's general election, political life is becoming aggressively polarised between left and right as they give no quarter in the fight for the middle ground which used to be dominant. Much of southeastern Europe baked in record hot temperatures Friday and electricity resources were being stretched to cover heightened demand during the summer's first major heat wave. One of the best ways Brazilians can stave off chronic illness is to engage regularly in physical exercise, especially sex, Health Minister Jose Gomes Temporao said Monday. A U.S. Bankruptcy Court judge has approved a plan for the Dee Howard Aircraft Maintenance to sell its assets to Vision Technologies Aerospace for $14.2 million. Tibet's exiled spiritual leader the Dalai Lama called Saturday for the abolition of the death penalty and a revamp of centuries of academic-centered thinking on education to build a more "warm-hearted" world. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with presidential candidate Sam Brownback, a two-term Republican senator from Kansas. Tom Glavine made another stingy start in one of his favorite ballparks and Keith Lockhart hit a three-run homer Wednesday night that sent the Atlanta Braves to a rain-shortened 3-1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds. Sepp Blatter, the president of soccer's governing body FIFA, arrived here on Wednesday to explore the possibility of developing interest in soccer on this baseball- crazy island country.
